# mala-mbti

## origin story

my bestie came across [this mbti quiz](https://gudetea.github.io/FruitCard-Odyssey/) and shared it with me, and i went "eh we can make one ourselves too" and we had a talk about it, how we would split our roles (he couldn't code so i offered to code it out)

we also had a funny (because i went full overthinking analysis mode and overcomplicated said) discussion on how many questions would needed and why, but that's a story for another time

we settled on mala being the theme cuz mala is tasty and he likes mala! (i'm fine w most foods, really)

but life being life, we kinda just left this idea aside for a while but it always sat at the back of my head, and he left off to study overseas. his birthday came around the corner and this quiz came back to me, so i decided to get it done properly

i think it goes without saying that i tried to make it in time for his birthday so i could share the link with him, but as usual i take wayyyyy too long to do things so i exceeded my self-imposed deadline :< but! since i'm already halfway through i might as well finish it right so here's the quiz

you can access the quiz [here]()!

## credits

1. was greatly inspired by [fruitcard odyssey](https://github.com/Gudetea/FruitCard-Odyssey), and i apologise for any unintentional copyrights or anything help
2. all characters were (i'm not proud of this, i'm sad i'm not an artist) generated using chatgpt4o, with a [lotus root character png](https://pngtree.com/freepng/cartoon-cute-vegetable-lotus-root-sticker-emoticon_6643573.html?sol=downref&id=bef) as a baseline.
3. a large part of this quiz was developed with the help of [lovable](https://www.lovable.dev). i made edits from the versions that were generated by it, and fixed some bugs that occurred here and there. (yes i'm also not proud i vibe coded, but i needed to get this done in a short period of time AND I STILL MISSED MY SELF IMPOSED DEADLINE)

## reflections

1. even though i vibe coded quite a fair bit, it got me thinking about "how sustainable vibe coding actually is", and "to what extent would it help/hurt developers". i asked some friends for their opinions too, and this is what i eventually concluded:

    - vibe coding isn't entirely bad in my opinion? it's helpful if you already know what you're doing so it shaves a lot of the manual "saikang" away, and you can focus on bug-catching/fixing and all that stuff
    - BUT if you're just starting out and learning then probably it'll do you more harm than good? cuz you won't know what's going on and there's a tendency to blindly accept things generated, even if its rubbish

2. evaluating work that's provided to you is so important, and evaluate opinions/work critically. just because it's given to you DOES NOT MEAN IT'LL WORK OR IT'S ENTIRELY CORRECT. this probably extends to other work as well so it was pretty nice

3. LLM generation capabilities are so scary right now, with all the code and image generation capabiities... it's going to be increasingly important to use them correctly and it'll amplify our work

4. once in a while, working on projects like this is actually quite refreshing. i don't usually do web-dev (does this count?) so jumping into something new with decent motivation pushed me to finish this side project! perhaps i could apply this idea outside of programming as well
